CNV-62383: CPU/memory hotplug limitations (#95592)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-hot-plugging-cpu.adoc

. Select the *vCPU* radio button.
. Enter the desired number of vCPU sockets and click *Save*.
+
[NOTE]
====

> You can hot-plug up to 3 times the default initial number of vCPU sockets of the VM. Exceeding this limit requires a restart.

Reviewer: Per [Red Hat Technical Writing Style Guide](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_numbers): Spell out ... numbers zero through nine...
Also, maybe include a bit about not restarting with up to three. 
```suggestion
You can hot-plug up to three times the default initial number of vCPU sockets of the VM without a restart. Exceeding this limit requires a restart.
```

> You can hot-plug up to three times the default initial number of vCPU sockets of the VM. Exceeding this limit requires a restart.

Reviewer 2: [The IBM Style Guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=measurement-numerals-versus-words) also recommends generally using numerals versus words for numbers - suggestion to take or leave
